Add note on where to find ilc (#68117)
dotnet/runtime: src/coreclr/nativeaot/docs/optimizing.md

## Options related to code generation
* `<IlcOptimizationPreference>Speed</IlcOptimizationPreference>`: when generating optimized code, favor code execution speed.
* `<IlcOptimizationPreference>Size</IlcOptimizationPreference>`: when generating optimized code, favor smaller code size.

> * `<IlcInstructionSet>`: By default, the compiler targets the minimum instruction set supported by the target OS and architecture. This option allows targeting newer instruction sets for better performance. The native binary will require the instruction sets to be supported by the hardware in order to run. For example, `<IlcInstructionSet>avx2,bmi2,fma,pclmul,popcnt,aes</IlcInstructionSet>` will produce binary that takes advantage of instruction sets that are typically present on current Intel and AMD processors. Run `ilc --help` for the full list of available instruction sets. `ilc` can be executed from the NativeAOT package in your local nuget cache e.g. `%USERPROFILE%\.nuget\packages\runtime.win-x64.microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler\7.0.0-...\tools\ilc.exe` on Windows or `~/.nuget/packages/runtime.linux-arm64.microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler/7.0.0-.../tools/ilc` on Linux.

Reviewer: I can't find `ilc.exe` in this location:

```cmd
C:\Projects\performance\artifacts\packages\microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler> tree . /f
```

```log
C:\PROJECTS\PERFORMANCE\ARTIFACTS\PACKAGES\MICROSOFT.DOTNET.ILCOMPILER
└───7.0.0-preview.3.22175.4
    │   .nupkg.metadata
    │   Icon.png
    │   LICENSE.TXT
    │   microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler.7.0.0-preview.3.22175.4.nupkg
    │   microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler.7.0.0-preview.3.22175.4.nupkg.sha512
    │   microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler.nuspec
    │   runtime.json
    │   THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT
    │
    ├───build
    │       BuildFrameworkNativeObjects.proj
    │       CoreRTNatVis.natvis
    │       findvcvarsall.bat
    │       Microsoft.DotNet.ILCompiler.targets
    │       Microsoft.NETCore.Native.Publish.targets
    │       Microsoft.NETCore.Native.targets
    │       Microsoft.NETCore.Native.Unix.props
    │       Microsoft.NETCore.Native.Windows.props
    │       WindowsAPIs.txt
    │
    └───tools
        └───netstandard
                ILCompiler.Build.Tasks.deps.json
                ILCompiler.Build.Tasks.dll
                System.Collections.Immutable.dll
                System.Reflection.Metadata.dll

```

> * `<IlcInstructionSet>`: By default, the compiler targets the minimum instruction set supported by the target OS and architecture. This option allows targeting newer instruction sets for better performance. The native binary will require the instruction sets to be supported by the hardware in order to run. For example, `<IlcInstructionSet>avx2,bmi2,fma,pclmul,popcnt,aes</IlcInstructionSet>` will produce binary that takes advantage of instruction sets that are typically present on current Intel and AMD processors. Run `ilc --help` for the full list of available instruction sets. `ilc` can be executed from the NativeAOT package in your local nuget cache e.g. `C:\Users\%USERNAME%\.nuget\packages\runtime.win-x64.microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler\7.0.0-...\tools\ilc.exe` on Windows or `~/.nuget/packages/runtime.linux-arm64.microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler/7.0.0-.../tools/ilc` on Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `<IlcInstructionSet>`: By default, the compiler targets the minimum instruction set supported by the target OS and architecture. This option allows targeting newer instruction sets for better performance. The native binary will require the instruction sets to be supported by the hardware in order to run. For example, `<IlcInstructionSet>avx2,bmi2,fma,pclmul,popcnt,aes</IlcInstructionSet>` will produce binary that takes advantage of instruction sets that are typically present on current Intel and AMD processors. Run `ilc --help` for the full list of available instruction sets. `ilc` can be executed from the NativeAOT package in your local nuget cache e.g. `%USERPROFILE%\.nuget\packages\runtime.win-x64.microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler\7.0.0-...\tools\ilc.exe` on Windows or `~/.nuget/packages/runtime.linux-arm64.microsoft.dotnet.ilcompiler/7.0.0-.../tools/ilc` on Linux.
```
